Adds information about changes to ILM deletes (#1359)
minio/docs: source/administration/object-management/create-lifecycle-management-expiration-rule.rst

      --noncurrent-expire-days NONCURRENT_DAYS \
      --expire-delete-marker

> - To expire all versions of an object with no delete marker, include :mc-cmd:`~mc ilm rule add --expire-all-object-versions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To expire all versions of an object, include :mc-cmd:`~mc ilm rule add --expire-all-object-versions`.
  This expiration only applies to objects without a ``DeleteMarker`` as the latest or current version.
```

  which to expire noncurrent object versions. For example, specify ``30d`` to
  expire a version after it has been noncurrent for at least 30 days.

Expire All Versions of a Deleted Object
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Starting with :mc-release:`MinIO Server RELEASE.2024-05-01T01-11-10Z`, MinIO supports deleting all versions of an object that has a delete marker as its latest version.
MinIO only supports this function with JSON.

> To add this function, first export the rule to modify with :mc:`mc ilm rule export`.

Reviewer 2: Maybe `function` was intended to be `functionality`? Could also say `To add this rule`

Author: I was trying to avoid so many instances of `rule` in the line, as that would make it three occurrences.
Went with a different workaround instead while avoiding the use of `function` here and on line 125.
